Tooltip for categories expand collapse button (#3013)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

- **description**: if set to `true`, proper href attributes are added to all navigation links. It is set to `false` by default.
- **since**: v0.7.4

### defaults.category
- **type**: object

> - **description**: defines a default `title` for expand and collapse button on categries. It is possible to override the default to define a title on [category](navigation-parameters-reference.md#category) itself.
> - **attributes**:
>   - **titleExpandButton** adds the HTML `title` attribute with the defined value to the expand button.
>   - **titleCollapseButton** adds the HTML `title` attribute with the defined value to the collapse button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description**: defines a default `title` for all expand and collapse buttons on categories. It is possible to override the default to define a title on an individual [category](navigation-parameters-reference.md#category) by itself.
- **attributes**:
  - **titleExpandButton** adds the HTML `title` attribute with the defined value to the expand button.
  - **titleCollapseButton** adds the HTML `title` attribute with the defined value to the collapse button.
```
